Update readme (#29)
letmaik/pose-animator: README.md

![Gif animation showing a demo of Avatar Animator using Microsoft Teams](images/demo.gif)

> **Figure 1**: Demo of Avatar Animator using Microsoft Teams. Instead of using a real webcam as the input source to Avatar Animator, the input is simulated with [OBS Studio](https://obsproject.com/) and [OBS-VirtualCam](https://github.com/Fenrirthviti/obs-virtual-cam) from a [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_lHk9Lf-ow), leading to the following processing chain: YouTube (browser) 🠚 OBS Studio (desktop capture) 🠚 OBS-VirtualCam (1) 🠚 Avatar Animator 🠚 OBS-VirtualCam (2) 🠚 Microsoft Teams. Why? Just for fun...

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of using "Figure xy" in these docs. I looks too much like a paper. I would leave it as it was.

Author: I did it for clarity as I preferred it rather than something like "figure below left" -- nothing to do with sounding like a paper. In any case I reverted this in https://github.com/letmaik/avatar-animator/pull/29/commits/83eaeefbd3e6767c3005712d1c06d49abe5b3e15

| Skype           | Go to `Settings` -> `Audio & Video` and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu.                                                 | TODO                                                                                                  |
| Microsoft Teams | Click on your profile picture at the top of Teams, then `Settings` -> `Devices` and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu.     | <img src="./images/ms-teams.png" alt="Avatar Animator on Microsoft Teams: configuration" width="600"> |
| Google Meet     | Start a meeting, then click `Settings` > `General` and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu.                                  | <img src="./images/google-meet.png" alt="Avatar Animator on Google Meet: configuration" width="600">  |
| Slack           | Start a call, then click on the gear icon in the top left corner of the call window and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu. | TODO                                                                                                  |

## Configuration

> The configuration panel (top right in Avatar Animator; figure 2) allows the **choice of camera, avatar, background color, and display of debug information**. To **add a new background image**, drag and drop it into Avatar Animator (note that new avatars will not be added to the `avatar` drop down menu). A simplified editor (figure 3) for **modifying existing avatars** is provided where anchor-points and colors can be modified. Currently, when a skeleton point is dragged (only those are modifiable), the position of any name-matching illustration keypoints are set to the same position. For more information on how to **create a new avatar or modify and exiting one**, see [AVATARS.md](AVATARS.md).

Reviewer: > To **add a new background image**, drag and drop it into Avatar Animator (note that new avatars will not be added to the `avatar` drop down menu)

This sentence is confusing now. It doesn't mention anymore that new avatars can be dropped into it, but the stuff in parentheses refers to it.

Author: Changed in  https://github.com/letmaik/avatar-animator/pull/29/commits/83eaeefbd3e6767c3005712d1c06d49abe5b3e15

> The configuration panel (top right in Avatar Animator; figure 2) allows the **choice of camera, avatar, background color, and display of debug information**. To **add a new background image**, drag and drop it into Avatar Animator (note that new avatars will not be added to the `avatar` drop down menu). A simplified editor (figure 3) for **modifying existing avatars** is provided where anchor-points and colors can be modified. Currently, when a skeleton point is dragged (only those are modifiable), the position of any name-matching illustration keypoints are set to the same position. For more information on how to **create a new avatar or modify and exiting one**, see [AVATARS.md](AVATARS.md).

Reviewer: "anchor-points" -> "anchor points"
Also, you use anchor-points in one sentence, and keypoints in another.

Author: Changed in https://github.com/letmaik/avatar-animator/pull/29/commits/83eaeefbd3e6767c3005712d1c06d49abe5b3e15

| Skype           | Go to `Settings` -> `Audio & Video` and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu.                                                 | TODO                                                                                                  |
| Microsoft Teams | Click on your profile picture at the top of Teams, then `Settings` -> `Devices` and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu.     | <img src="./images/ms-teams.png" alt="Avatar Animator on Microsoft Teams: configuration" width="600"> |
| Google Meet     | Start a meeting, then click `Settings` > `General` and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu.                                  | <img src="./images/google-meet.png" alt="Avatar Animator on Google Meet: configuration" width="600">  |
| Slack           | Start a call, then click on the gear icon in the top left corner of the call window and select `OBS-Camera` from the `Camera` drop-down menu. | TODO                                                                                                  |

## Configuration

> The configuration panel (top right in Avatar Animator; figure below left) allows the **choice of camera, avatar, background color, and display of debug information**. To **add a new background image**, drag and drop it into Avatar Animator. To **create a new avatar or modify and exiting one**, see [AVATARS.md](AVATARS.md), then to **add a new avatar** drag and drop it into Avatar Animator (note that new avatars will not be added to the `avatar` drop down menu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration panel (top right in Avatar Animator; figure below left) allows the **choice of camera, avatar, background color, and display of debug information**. To **add a new background image**, drag and drop a PNG or JPEG file into Avatar Animator. To **create a new avatar or modify an existing one**, see [AVATARS.md](AVATARS.md). To **use a new or modified avatar** drag and drop the SVG file into Avatar Animator (note that the dropped avatar will not be added to the `avatar` drop down menu).
```

> In the latest versions of Avatar Animator, a simplified avatar editor (figure below right) is also available. This allows to **modify anchor (skeleton) points and colors** for existing avatars. Currently, when an anchor point is dragged (only those are modifiable), the position of any name-matching illustration anchor points are set to the same position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the latest versions of Avatar Animator, a simplified avatar editor (figure below right) is also available. This allows to **modify anchor (skeleton) points and colors** for existing avatars. Currently, when an anchor point is dragged, the position of any name-matching illustration anchor points are set to the same position.
```

> | <img src="./images/control-panel.png" alt="Control panel" height="395"> | <img src="./images/editor.png" alt="Editor" height="395">            |

Reviewer: What about the editor screenshot? Don't you think it would be better to make that smaller in width?

Author: see https://github.com/letmaik/avatar-animator/pull/29/commits/db8e6fd22b08fab8bba53929737b58ab2158a0fa

Reviewer: You only resized the screenshot. What I meant was take a new screenshot where you resized the window width to avoid the white space. Does that make sense?
